reference/configuration: add docs for spilling (#1871)
pingcap/docs: reference/configuration/tidb-server/configuration-file.md

- Default value: `true`
- It is recommended to set it to `false` if you need to create a large number of tables.

### `mem-quota-query`

- The maximum memory available for a single SQL statement.
- Default value: `34359738368`
- Requests that require more memory than this value are handled based on the behavior defined by `oom-action`.

### `oom-use-tmp-storage`

+ Controls whether to enable the temporary storage for some operators when a single SQL statement exceeds the memory quota specified by `mem-quota-query`.
+ Default value:  `true`

### `tmp-storage-path`

+ Specifies the temporary storage path for some operators when a single SQL statement exceeds the memory quota specified by `mem-quota-query`.

> + Default value: `<TMPDIR>/tidb/tmp-storage`

Reviewer: we should mention that this config only takes effect when `oom-use-tmp-storage` is set to `true`.

### `oom-action`

- Specifies what operation TiDB performs when a single SQL statement exceeds the memory quota specified by `mem-quota-query` and cannot be spilled over to disk.
- Default value: `"log"`

> - The valid options are `"log"` and `"cancel"`. When `oom-action="log"`,  it prints the log only. When `oom-action="cancel"`, it cancels the operation and outputs the log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The valid options are `"log"` and `"cancel"`. When `oom-action="log"`, it prints the log only. When `oom-action="cancel"`, it cancels the operation and outputs the log.
```

- Default value: `true`
- It is recommended to set it to `false` if you need to create a large number of tables.

### `mem-quota-query`

- The maximum memory available for a single SQL statement.
- Default value: `34359738368`
- Requests that require more memory than this value are handled based on the behavior defined by `oom-action`.

### `oom-use-tmp-storage`

+ Set to `true` to enable use of temporary disk for some executors when `mem-quota-query` is exceeded.
+ Default value:  `true`

> + Valid options: `true` or `false`

Author: I think the `mem-quota-query` above should be referenced.

> + Valid options: `true` or `false`

Author: Should the `Valid options` be kept?

> + Valid options: `true` or `false`

Reviewer 2: `mem-quota-query` can be referenced. I update the comment.
This is a Boolean variable, right? So "valid options" is kind of unnecessary unless you want to tell users when it is suitable to set it to `false` or `true`.

> + Valid options: `true` or `false`

Author: But users do not know it's a Boolean variable.

> + Valid options: `true` or `false`

Reviewer 2: Actually, this doc is not that well-formatted. Different configuration items are introduced in different ways...
Generally, each configuration item has three parts: 
* Explanation
* Default value
* Note (optional)

So my suggestion is to cut the "valid option" out. But still, you can keep it since this doc is not well-formatted.

### `tmp-storage-path`

+ The location of temporary disk storage using by some executors when `mem-quota-query` is exceeded.
+ Default value: `<TMPDIR>/tidb/tmp-storage`

### `oom-action`

- What to do when `mem-quota-query` is exceeded and can not be spilled over to disk any more.
- Default value: `log`

> - The valid options are `log` and `cancel`. `log` only prints the log without actual processing. `cancel` cancels the operation and outputs the log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specifies what operation TiDB performs when a single SQL statement exceeds the memory quota and the temporary storage is disabled.
- Default value: `"log"`
- The valid options are `"log"` and `"cancel"`. When `oom-action="log"`,  it prints the log only. When `oom-action="cancel"`, it cancels the operation and outputs the log.
```

Author: Even the temporary storage is enabled, a query may alse exceed the memory quota because some operators cannot use the temporary disk.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for clarifying. I update the comment.

Author: I suggest, 
Specifies what operation TiDB performs when a single SQL statement exceeds the memory quota specified by `mem-quota-query` and can not be spilled over to disk anymore.

It means the operator will try its best effort to spill into the temporary disk (If the `oom-use-tmp-storage` is enabled) when `mem-quota-query` is exceeded. After that, if `mem-quota-query` is still exceeded, then `oom-action` is triggered.

Reviewer 2: Cool! This is much clearer. I have a minor edit:
> Specifies what operation TiDB performs when a single SQL statement exceeds the memory quota specified by `mem-quota-query` and cannot be spilled over to disk anymore.
